and welcome back and Kelly we have got a
superstar in our mr. star that's right
Stefan curry welcome to the Fox ten and
how you been I've been good thanks for
having me can you believe basketball
season is right around I mean right
around the corner how close are we to
the start of basketball season a week or
so two weeks a week until the big day
Midnight Madness with Davidson tell us
what you're thinking right now I'm just
excited I mean there's been a lot of
press about last year still and trying
to get that out of our minds now and and
move on to this year we had a great team
coming back so we're just very excited
about looking forward to practice and
things like that so coaches he's ready
he's pumped up and so we what have you
been doing besides basketball in the
offseason I'm a golfer
actually so me and my dad we go out and
play a lot and it's pretty competitive
and I do that a lot and fishing and
things like that with my dad so your and
your dad real competitive and everything
cuz I remember I'm hearing an interview
he was on the radio one time and he said
he what he wouldn't play one-on-one with
you anymore what you started beating him
yeah we still played horse now he can't
run around like he did when the Hornets
back of the old hob but he can still
shoot it so we play horse by golf got a
big competitive streak going you know
you were talking just a moment ago about
the last season and normally I know
coaches want you to forget about the
past and think about the present but
that's almost impossible David said how
much of a carryover do you think there
will be I think a lot actually I think
our confidence and our chemistry we
built up last year over later this year
we lost three seniors which is going to
be tough to replace but we have guys who
two registers Ben Allison and Aaron bond
who would definitely play some big
minutes for us and then we have three
returning starters who we all got better
over the summer so I think with the
chemistry we had at the end of the year
in April
SOI that they got a carryover charging
in this room but one thing that's not
going to carry over you guys will not
fly under the radar anymore I mean Steph
Curry became a household name last year
Davidson Wildcats Davidson darlings
everybody knows about him their thirst
no more sneaking up on anybody now
they're going to be ready for you knowin
coach he told us that and he wants us to
embrace the fact I mean last year he
posted a bull's-eyes in our lockers
because for the Southern Conference
we've dominated pretty much the past
couple years and everybody's gonna give
us their best shot so he wanted us to
embrace that fact but now that's going
to I think carry over to the national
scene when we go out and play the top
teams like we do every year I think if
we can embrace the fact that everybody's
gonna give us their best game and that
we're not just a pushover team anymore I
think we'll be a little bit better right
and I will just say here's a difference
you had a bull's-eye on your back within
the Southern Conference now let's see
you've been on Conan for anyone that
gets Sports Illustrated right here Steph
was uh was profiled at what was this
maybe about three weeks ago a month ago
something like that in a national
magazine so the bullseye now is on
especially you and national on teams
that are having a so-so season know if
they can knock you off and knock
Davidson off it makes their season I
think so it's different for us I mean
they used to do us back when I first got
here and we played those teams and that
would make our season coming to be a top
ranked team but now we expect that we're
going to out-compete and beat those
teams and I mean that goes everybody on
our team has confidence to play so what
whoever's out there if it's me if it's
one of my teammates we're all gonna have
the same mindset and back each other up
and it's just gonna be a fun year
how has life changed for you I mean all
this all this Fame all this national
notoriety I mean can everywhere you go
people looking at you saying is that
Steph Curry because I know why I put you
all over our sports cast all the time
and everybody around here and then ESPN
I went to a lot of camps of summer so I
was in the air for a lot and a lot of
guys who I
I've haven't seen a lot of Davidson
t-shirts running around and I saw a lot
more in this summer and they Cooper came
up to me congratulate me on the seats
and things like that so things have
changed a little bit but we all have the
same mindset like I say at Davidson
where nothing is going to change about
us we're going to approach the season
the same way no matter who's on our side
who's not with what have you so with
that kind of months I think everything
will be pretty similar to last and to
show you how humble this guy is as he
was coming in for the interview he kept
calling you ma'am and he kept calling me
sir and I appreciate that I learned my
lesson this is Kerry has but I mean
you're making me feel old but I mean you
have met you've hung around with some
some famous people and not that you're a
name-dropper but just for the folks that
are watching can we drop a few names
obviously everyone knows about LeBron
Kelly bardic Schneider of course besides
Oscars jockey I got the top through out
the way I think LeBron like you're
selling to his camp
Chris Paul Steve Nash I got to spend a
week with each different camps of summer
where I got to pick their brain on the
court and we got a little bit off the
court so it's fun to get that inside
look at them and outside of basketball
outside of basketball went to the ESPYs
there's something and that was actually
a cool experience actually sitting in
front was Candace Parker and Lisa Leslie
behind me was the entire Boston Celtics
team I got stuck in an elevator with
Danica Patrick and Annika Sorenstam yeah
me being a go I was in awe of Annika so
it was pretty fun great sp0 it was it
was I hate it for you alright for anyone
that is interested it is called a night
with the cats and as this Friday night
over at Davidson it's sort of Davidson's
version of Midnight Madness and a
musical performance by did I read this
right the men's and women's basketball
tent we will be dancing are you gonna be
singing singing we might also have a mic
will be miked up but David's just kind
of small you be able to hear so you're
going to be singing we last past couple
of weeks we've been choreographing
dances
I think it I think we've been working
really hard so if everyone comes out and
watches we'll put on a show
coach mckillip going to be in this
little dance routine you got going on
here we're trying to try and convince
him to do it I'm not sure if he will
ánot he'll give a great speech as always
if you want to listen to that but oh
I'll kind of get him on the court I'll
tell you what I don't want you to give
away what's going to happen Friday but
just to entice the people in you got to
give us just a little sneak preview of
maybe your voice or well I could give
you I mean they the marketing staff at
Davidson they've kind of brought the
theme of Chris Brown and Rihanna kind of
thing we have a girl and Mercedes
Robinson or our Davidson girls
basketball team who is gonna be our
singers by the way okay yeah there we go
so we're gonna try to impersonate them I
just say we're gonna put on a show won't
give any sneak previews now boom there's
just a little let's just tear your pipes
just like love pipes okay um singing are
you gonna say no we go okay we got to do
it yeah I love some okay um what's that
Chris Brown song called
forever forever nice nice no keep going
back so I got for you Ferg everybody's a
volleyball game before G time check out
that and then we'll take our type of
floor right oh this would be film I
don't want to miss that continued with
the voice he has got the pipes off the
port and the moves on the court Steph
Curry lot's of luck lots of success not
only Friday but for this entire season
guess appearance oh yeah
Kelly what do you think sign me up
excellent and I'll make sure to
videotape it all okay where I belong in
the background sounds yeah Steph lot's
of luck this season thank you very much
yeah we'll be back with more right after
this